# MMM Remote Control Change Log
All notable changes to this project will be documented in this file.

The format is based on [Keep a Changelog](http://keepachangelog.com/)
and this project adheres to [Semantic Versioning](http://semver.org/).

## [2.3.6] - 2021-08-01

### Fixed

- API now updates the modules list

## [2.3.5] - 2021-07-08

### Added

- Simplified Chinese translation
- 'PM2 not installed' warning

## [2.3.4] - 2021-04-21

### Added
- Now you can use MANAGE_CLASSES to use them between modules, instead of just the API

### Fixed
- Classes now detects when you're using identifiers and names in the same action (#259)

## [2.3.3] - 2021-04-05

### Changed
- `request` is deprecated inside MM package. Now using `node-fetch` (#257)

## [2.3.2] - 2021-02-19

### Fixed
- `value` now travels along with the payload when slide or input it's used on Custom Menus. (#251)

### Changed
- If you use slide or input, and you add a string payload, it'll now be available in the `string` object of the payload.

## [2.3.1] - 2020-12-29

### Fixed
- `Find` it's not defined inside some Electron instances (#242 and #235)
- `undefined` modules generated by the `disabled` tag are now handled. (MichMich/MagicMirror#2382)

## [2.3.0] - 2020-12-23

### Added
- Custom Shell Commands for everyone! (#159)
- Custom Menus: User Input Field (#181) and Sliders

### Fixed
- "TV is off" now detected (#234)
- Toggle and Status Monitor working as expected (#234)

### Changed
- Now the system used for turn on and off the screen will be `vcgencmd` (#227 and more)

## [2.2.2] - 2020-11-24

### Fixed
- Module Installation now working
- iframe now working (#161)

## [2.2.1] - 2020-11-18

### Fixed
- Module Identifier now working as expected (#229)
- Update Installation seems to work

## [2.2.0] - 2020-11-16

### Fixed
- Default values now removed from backup (#12)
- Custom Menus now works as expected
- API working, not well implemented in the past
- API userPresence now working as expected

### Added
- Updates now show if there's an update available every day (#52)
- Templates for issues and PRs, and also stale for automanagement of issues.
- Close Dev Tools (#119)
- Undo Config Implementation [Beta]
- Classes to show, hide or toggle multiple modules at once (#34)
- Classes and saves API
- Changelog of every module updated
- [Showdown](https://github.com/showdownjs/showdown) implemented in order to show changelog markdown.
- secureEndpoint config to bypass the non-apikey limitation. This could be dangerous, use it with caution.
- Added POST support for Monitor API (#200)
- Added endpoint to edit config file (#206)
- Endpoint /api/docs now shows you the documentation available for the API. You can test your mirror right there!

### Changed
- **[lodash](https://lodash.com/) required**. Do `npm install` on the Remote Control module.
- Alert button don't show up when Alert module isn't active
- The way monitor turn on and off (#225)
- Now hide, show or toggle modules also accept arrays
- /api/test can be reach without any apiKey
- /api/modules/installed and /available are now /api/module/installed and /available
- ApiKey required in order to change substantial things on the Mirror
- Some Endpoints are gonna be deprecated in the future. You can see those inside /api/docs, in the Legacy menu.

### Removed
- /api/modules it's no longer available, you can use /api/module instead.
- Postman collection deprecated ~ (Sorry n.n)

## [2.1.0] - 2020-11-01

Hello! Ezequiel here. Just wanted to say thanks for trust in me, in the past days I made a lot of changes into the code, adding some functions that'll surely be in a future release, and also putting everything together in my fork. I answered almost every issue raised, and tried to help every person that use this module. Today, I'm glad to be able to share everything I learned to all of you. I apologize for some fast and uncommented commits, I just thinked that some things needed to be fixed ASAP.
See you in future commits, issues and PRs :D

### Fixed

- A typo in `es` translation
- A few typos in README.md (#134 and #149) and API/README.md (#179)
- Delayed commands should now work (#190)
- Typo on remote_action (#184)
- IP now showing (#194)
- MM restart button don't just stop anymore (#126)
- Saving config should work as expected now (#153)
- installer.sh now detects where's the node instalation (#222)

### Added

- Danish translation (#157)
- Italian translation (#162)
- Port now showing according to config.js (#98)
- Custom commands for shutdown and reboot

### Changed

- Overwrite of local changes when updating from a repository
- Now requires MagicMirror version 2.12

## [2.0.1] - 2020-10-28

**Huge thanks to [@ezeholz](https://github.com/ezeholz)** who has offered to maintain the module fron now on!
Credit for this (and future) versions and releases goes to @ezeholz (unless noted otherwise).

Now requires MagicMirror version 2.7.

### Fixed

- Path to font awesome icons
- A few typos in `ca` and `es` translations
- Updates to `remote.html` to support new `basePath` feature in MM `config.js`, [follow up to this MM issue](https://github.com/MichMich/MagicMirror/issues/1973), related to #185

## [2.0.0] - 2019-02-21

Huge shoutout to [shbatm](https://github.com/shbatm) for his work on this new major version, which brings a new API, custom menus and commands and lots of other stuff:

### Added

- REST API interface for controlling all aspects of the MagicMirror from HTTP RESTful-style GET and POST calls, based on principles from [MMM-Api](https://github.com/juzim/MMM-Api)
    + Full API Documentation at [API/README.md](API/README.md)
- Live daily updates of `modules.json` from the MagicMirror wiki, based on principles from [MMM-Remote-Control-Repository](https://github.com/eouia/MMM-Remote-Control-Repository).  
- Incorporated some features found in [MMM-OnScreenMenu](https://github.com/shbatm/MMM-OnScreenMenu) that were not originally in this module.
    + Monitor (Connected Screen) On-Off Status and Toggle
    + Delayed calls ("DELAYED" Query option and `.../delay` API paths)
    + If using Electron: Open Dev Tools, Minimize, Toggle Fullscreen
- Configuration Option to send custom shell commands to use. Currently, only custom monitor on/off/status commands are supported.
- Module Control menu - Automatically generated from the API to control the different modules you have installed, based on their `notificationReceived` function.
- Custom menu items. See [Custom Menu Items in README](README.md#custom-menu-items)
- Norsk bokmål translation

### Changed

- Updates to `remote.html` and the `node_helper.js` to use direct SocketIO communication back and forth instead of separate HTTP calls.
    + Future framework for following PM2 logs and more live update options.
- General clean-up and standardization of status reporting for GET and POST calls, to original URLs and to new API URLs.
- Updated to ES2015 (ES Version 6) function calls in most locations.
- Added USER_PRESENCE controls from [AgP42](https://github.com/AgP42)
- Added/updated french translations from [BKeyport](https://github.com/Bkeyport) and [Mysh3ll](https://github.com/Mysh3ll)
- Added SHOW/HIDE/TOGGLE ALL modules option per request from [Rene1709](https://github.com/Rene1709)

### Upcoming Changes

- Add additional MMM-OnScreenMenu features:
    + Moving modules' positions
- PM2 Log Follower / Terminal Window
- Added Notification Echo option to config to echo all Module Notifications to the remote's DevTools console for debugging.
- Allow for text input in the Module Controls menu to be able to provide a notification payload.

## [1.1.5] - 2018-05-14

### Added
- French translation

### Fixed
- Updated documentation to new MagicMirror version
- Fix error on updating MagicMirror

## [1.1.4] - 2017-09-17

### Added
- Dutch translation
- Updating a module tries to install dependencies with `npm install`
- Module identifier is shown if a module is locked with lock strings
- Confirmation dialog before restart and shutdown

### Fixed
- Internal save file format and mistakenly hiding modules which were hidden by other modules
- Restart should work for new installations

### Changed
- German translation for power menu changed from "Ausschalten" to "Energieoptionen"

## [1.1.3] - 2017-04-23

### Added
- Portuguese translation
- Indonesian translation
- Support for iOS Icon and Webapp

### Changed
- Installation no longer needs a temporary file

### Fixed
- Icon paths adapted to changes in [Magic Mirror²](https://github.com/MichMich/MagicMirror) 2.1.0

## [1.1.2] - 2017-02-01

**Note:** Since version 1.1.0 this module uses (new) dependencies, check the [Updating section in the README.md](README.md#update).

### Added
- Swedish translation

### Changed
- Installation process updated in [README.md](README.md#Installation)
- Automatic installer/updater includes hint to restart [Magic Mirror²](https://github.com/MichMich/MagicMirror)

### Fixed
- Issues with not applying shown and hidden status correctly to modules
- Issues where lockstrings were missing
- Modules sometimes did not show correctly in the UI as hidden or shown:
    - This is due to a bug in [Magic Mirror²](https://github.com/MichMich/MagicMirror)
    - PR [#659](https://github.com/MichMich/MagicMirror/pull/659) to fix this was made in the project, will be released in the next version

## [1.1.1] - 2017-01-26
### Changed
- Updated internal list of available modules

## [1.1.0] - 2017-01-26
### Added
- First version of installer script
- Menu to send Alerts and/or Notifications to your mirror
- Menu to update your MagicMirror installation and your modules (through `git pull`)
- Menu to change the `config.js`
    - Modules can be installed, added, removed, configured
    - There will be backups of the five last versions of the `config.js` in the `config` folder
    - Some of these parts are hidden behind an "exprimental" warning, do **not** ignore that warning
- NOTIFICATION action, see [README.md](README.md#notification-request) for details

### Changed
- Menu structure
    - Old "Edit" and "Settings" are now under "Edit view"
- Smaller font sizes in lists

### Fixed
- Issues coming from disabled modules since MM version 2.1.0

## [1.0.0] - 2016-10-24
### Added
- Changelog
- New buttons in user interface
    - Hide/show all modules
    - Link to MagicMirror² homepage
    - Option to adapt brightness (making the mirror brighter than 100% can be limited to certain modules)
- Contributing hints
- Internal versioning of saved config (current version: 1)
- Added action `MODULE_DATA` to return module data in JSON format

### Changed
- Internal timeout for commands increased from 5 to 8 seconds
- Symbols for display on and off
- Internal changes in preparation for Magic Mirror version `2.1.0`

## [0.1.0] - 2016-09-30
### Initial release of the Remote Control module.
